# Emacs Corvus

A personal Emacs distribution that aims for simplicity and efficiency. 

**Warning:** Corvus is still in early development and many features can be added
and/or removed.

## Why does it exist?

There are hundreds, if not thousands, of text editors available nowadays. The
purpose of Corvus is trying to understand *what* makes a text editor a **good**
text editor. Starting from this point of view, Corvus will always try to strive
for simplicity, fastness, minimalism, and of course, usefulness. Of course,
*taste varies from person to person*, and what we might find useful for
ourselves, might not be so useful for others. Corvus will never try to be the
*best* text editor or Emacs distribution there is; its simply a means to study
and research text editors.

**Note:** Currently Corvus assumes you have some knowledge about Emacs and its
keybindings, in the future this could change and be more welcoming to newer
generations.

### Simplicity

A **simple** text editor, as the name implies, *should* be simple to use. You
should be capable of getting to work with no problems at all from the very
beginning, no matter if you're working on a single file or on a whole project
with hundreds or thousand of files.

### Minimalism

Many text editors nowadays bombard you with a lot of information regarding a
project or a file you're visiting; whether is a tree browser, the complete path
for a file, etc. Unfortunately, most of the time this information is not
necessary to be present at all times, and could lead to *wasted*.

Corvus strives for a clean and useful user interface, where the only thing
present to you, is what you were interested for in the first place. No
distractions and no noise when you're working, only the vital information.

### Speed

A lot of applications nowadays consume more than 2GB of RAM when working, and/or
take minutes to start-up when not using last-gen computers.

Corvus tries to be useful no matter what equipment you may be using; whether its
an old laptop or a last-gen computer. Taking this into consideration, Corvus
will always strive to be *fast* at all times. From a quick boot-up time, to a
fast and responsive interface you can comfortably work with.

### Usefulness

Of course, Corvus main objective is to research and study text editors, but it's
not only limited to that. It should be capable of being a text editor you can
use on your day to day basis with no problems.

Corvus tries to include all of the tools that can make you work faster, and
smarter, without taking all control from you.

---

## Inspiration

This project structure is heavily inspired in 
[Prelude](https://github.com/bbatsov/prelude)
and 
[Lunary Emacs](https://github.com/casouri/lunarymacs).
